### What kind of features will we be trying to add to the open source projects?

It depends on the project.  Each project will have a list of issues
that someone wants addressed.  It might be a bug that needs fixing or
a request for new functionality.  You will want to choose work that
interests you.  I recommend starting small and working up to something
interesting that would look good on a resume' :-)

### What is the idea on how many pull requests we'll be trying to push?

You should submit multiple pull requests throughout the semester.  The
smaller and more focused a given request is improves the likelihood
that it will be pulled into the project.  Trying to submit 3 months of
work in one big pull request is more likely to be met with resistance.
It's also a potential waste if the direction you took conflicts with
the direction desired by the project maintainers.  I recommend you
plan to submit several "bite sized" patches.  If you want to tackle
something big (ideally with a team), then i recommend you do that only
after you have a few smaller patches under your belt, and you have
checkpoint discussions with the project maintainers.  For example, I
would start with a statement of intent to make sure they agree with
the design/approach and then sync-up in terms of progress/direction
along the way.

### If we are graded on pull requests, what happens when none of our requests are accepted?

The best general answer I can give is "partial credit".  Your grade
will be based on quality and quantity of your work as it relates to
your objective.  It will reflect feedback from me, Garry (our TA), and
the project maintainer(s).  Clearly a rejected pull request is bad and
can be reasonably interpreted as a "zero" score from the project
maintainer.  Garry and I would take into account the details of the
situation in arriving at a grade.  As much as possible I want to be
transparent with you on how you are progressing.  In general, I want
to make sure that everyone gets experience with successfully getting a
patch incorporated into a project, which can sometimes mean working
through disagreement from the project maintainer.  I believe that
these challenges should be overcome 90% of the time.  It is partly
because of this potential of rejection that I recommend multiple
submissions.  The more PRs you submit, the better your chances of
acceptance.

### How would each of us have a pull request submitted if we are part of a N-person team?

If you are part of a N-person team, I would expect the team to produce
at least N pull requests over the course of the semester, ensuring
that each member of the team submits at least one PR.  Each of the
pull requests MAY contain work from multiple members of the team.  I
am open to the possibility that it doesn't make sense for a given
project/team, but a case will need to be made to me on why an
exception should be made.

### I'm having trouble deciding, because my first choice looks interesting but challenging

Go for the more interesting project and see how far you can get by the
end of the first day of the code sprint.  If you change your mind
then, it should be fine.  After that though, you may be hurting your
chances of success.

### What are some good resources for learning Scala?

Apart from [Scala's home](http://www.scala-lang.org/), these should help:

* [Programming Scala](http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920033073.do)
* [Scala Style Guide](https://github.com/paypal/scala-style-guide)

### What is the URL for screen sharing during class?

http://myroom-na.adobeconnect.com/cs378/

